Update README.md (#418)
pymc-labs/pymc-marketing: README.md

[![PyPI Version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/pymc-marketing.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pymc-marketing)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

# <span style="color:limegreen">PyMC-Marketing</span>: Bayesian Marketing Mix Modeling (MMM) & Customer Lifetime Value (CLV)

## Marketing Analytics Tools from PyMC Labs

Unlock the power of **Marketing Mix Modeling (MMM)** and **Customer Lifetime Value (CLV)** analytics with PyMC-Marketing. This open-source marketing analytics tool empowers businesses to make smarter, data-driven decisions for maximizing ROI in marketing campaigns.

## Quick Installation Guide for Marketing Mix Modeling (MMM) & CLV

To dive into MMM and CLV analytics, set up a specialized environment, `marketing_env`, via conda-forge:

```bash

> mamba create -c conda-forge -n marketing_env pymc-marketing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda create -c conda-forge -n marketing_env pymc-marketing
```

---

## 📞 Schedule a Free Consultation for MMM & CLV Strategy

Maximize your marketing ROI with a [free 30-minute strategy session](https://calendly.com/niall-oulton) with our PyMC-Marketing experts. Learn how Bayesian Marketing Mix Modeling and Customer Lifetime Value analytics can boost your organization by making smarter, data-driven decisions. As part of our offering, we provide the following professional services: 

- **Custom Models**: We tailor niche marketing anayltics models to fit your organization's unique needs.
- **Build Within PyMC-Marketing**: Our team are experts leveraging the capabilities of PyMC-Marketing to create robust marketing models for precise insights.
- **SLA & Coaching**: Get guaranteed support levels and personalized coaching to ensure your team is well-equipped and confident in using our tools and approaches.
- **SaaS Solutions**: Harness the power of our state-of-the-art software solutions to streamline your data-driven marketing initiatives.

Elevate your organization's strategies with our expert guidance and professional support.

---

## How PyMC Labs Can Elevate Your MMM & CLV Strategy

> PyMC-Marketing is open for business use, licensed under [Apache 2.0](LICENSE).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyMC-Marketing is completely free for commercial use, licensed under [Apache 2.0](LICENSE).
```
